[Music]
then the animator is a worm
microscopic do it said the green
white the white green his tears of a
Japanese century during the summer the successes
in front of the common chafer the beetle
japanese he has a complexion european up
nematodes
it's a one a century that will come in
in the white green and that starting
to eat will do it added that the
worm will die it's a product
natural with lime it is important to
keep the limmat ode cold because
as it is a living insect there is
need a temperature of 2 to 6 degrees
to be kept the times period of
dormancy
he will become active when we go
mix it with water to apply it the
best period of the application these
twice a year once at
spring urban and middle
June and another a second time
between early September and late September
it's important to check the date
expiration
as if a wine product have during
a certain period for the sting for
the press
it's a product that we will use with
a sprayer in which one puts
water and powder while we are doing
it is that one takes the bread of elisa late
omit the help tool in the bottom one
takes the sachet leaves inside
the way of arles seek a break and
in which violate the nematode towards
the powder of one on the water and we played on
fills says it's important to
brew with a stick of his luck that
the powder is evenly distributed
in the container
then we will connect will be ready on
hose and we will apply on
the wet ground then we will have
before water
and the field in the days that follow
the important thing to water because
the animator tell him that in the water in
size and this way to theirs in
flowing it reaches the white green because
that in the concept to food they
go into the white green him in
starting to eat it that iron adif the
white green and white green change from
color it in the days that follow
the application we water the cards of the
official game there is another option for
fight the white worm the formers
it's the natural way
there is now the product city hall
the merit pro is a way
chemical to convince him of the
combat
we will talk about it in a future
ticket
[Music]